[Music]
welcome to the breakdown will we break
down all the messed up [ __ ] today we are
coming back to the weird film set of
Takashi Miike excuse me to Kashi me K
it's how it's pronounced I believe but
this man directed a pretty weird film
called visitor Q or BJ doc Q visitor Q
is almost a climatic film about how a
strange man this is an already strange
family helping them cope with their
strangeness by letting them be open
about it the visitor almost seems Yakuza
like in appearance maybe I'm just the
opposite of observator but he stays with
the family as they dwell into awkward
weirdness that reminds me in a way of
the film dogtooth which is also about a
strange family so this movie is easily a
classic disturbing movie you will always
find on a list of most disturbed movies
if you want to see what happens
including all the messed up parts
stay tuned for the breakdown the movie
starts off dirty what a girl asking how
you ever done it with your dad
this girl is Mickey who is being
recorded by her father it's a bit of
conversation not worth mentioning
between the two but let's just say she
is very hopeless Mickey asked the father
Kiyoshi if he wants to touch her he's
saying [ __ ] like this is wrong and all
but his hands is rolling and he's
crossing the line already before they
get too far though she gives him the
going rate for her services cuz her
vajayjay got a barcode her prices are
about 450 for 6 to 74 that throat coat
and about 180 just to watch her play
with herself plus an extra 270 for a
video hey yo she get seduced by his own
daughter Amy gotta pay for it too
I'm not gonna show nothing but Kyoshi
climaxes after like five seconds he's a
mini man and
I'm talking about no high school time
traveler y'all won't get that reference
but why here addresses
she keeps saying early bird first in
line what the hell you talking about
hard-headed ass girl
but turns out she's saying you didn't
last long and now for that the price is
over $900 now his wallet dry as hell
before he leaves though he realizes that
the camera was recording the whole time
nasty ass man I guess he needed that
footage for something else leaving as
the girl calls him speedy man for coming
so quick the next question asks have you
ever been hit on the head we see Kyoshi
sitting at the train station for work
but a weird cocky horror looking ass man
is right behind him he looks at the
father's big old peanut head and smashes
a fatal rock on turns out this man is
visitor cute the next question is how
you ever hit your mom we see the boy
with some pretty bruised hand oh damn my
fault this is a woman this is the wife
of Kyoshi Hamm kyoko spending her time
building a jigsaw puzzle but we see
she's bruised from being beaten then
suddenly the teenage son named Takuya
comes downstairs acting damn crazy he
bust in saying it's the wrong coat brush
notice how I said they in a [ __ ] voice
cuz if you hit your mama you little
kitty kitty [ __ ] ass boy he starts
whipping his mama for a damn toothbrush
throwing her out the damn Japanese
sitting room he then goes upstairs
putting up his note entry sign he puts
his weapons back up but while he's
chilling on the bed he cowers in the
corner hearing some other teens outside
they shoot fireworks through his damn
window on some [ __ ] [ __ ] where I'm from
people be dumping on your house with
real bullets anyway Kyoko gets back up
while those bullies [ __ ] up her house if
that was my house then I would have came
out there with a 38 I'm just saying
Kyoko goes in her room and takes his
shirt off revealing all her wounds she
then sits down to get some good ol
heroin in her
system enjoying bliss for only a few
seconds due to being a regular user
while she's shooting up Kyoshi is
walking home but do trip and relax
Kyoshi acting like he's walking down
Baba's territory he must be looking out
for blue face he's scared of getting
dropped it turns out he got a good
reason to be worried though cuz visitor
cute knocks his ass out what a rock the
crazy funny thing is now they cool
visitor Q literally East with Kyoshi
like the old friends even though he just
gave homeboy a concussion Kyoshi along
with Q don't care at all that the mom
got a runaway from her own son it's also
kind of funny how they just both eat
normally even though Kyoko is just
screaming her lungs out in the
background after that weirdness it's
bedtime and Kyoko goes to know Kyoshi
undressed but uses her Matt Murdock
devil of Hell's Kitchen level smelling
to sense that her husband has been
inside her daughter well really I
believe the whole time Kyoko want to
have a little fun but Kyoshi says not
today so instead she ain't got nothing
to do but walk around the house
stopping to notice Q and his guest room
chilling maybe it's foreshadowing that
they might woohoo later Q later visits
Takuya bullying dude and asking whose
room isn't downstairs
it's the sister's room Mickey from the
beginning but looks like she apparently
ran away
regardless would I be wrong to say Q was
from Shinjuku or something like that
meanwhile Kyoshi is sitting in his car
looking at old footage of himself being
harassed by some teenagers as you can
see here they also violated him down
there we see a some fascination with I
don't know humiliation I guess the next
morning the visitor eats like song Goku
while Kyoko pimp walks around the house
Kyoshi later walks to work but see
something very peculiar turns out he
sees and of course his son being bullied
by those lame-ass bullies while dad
enjoys seeing his son being bullied a
pimp named Kyoko gets ready for work
just for the slow
one's out there she's actually walking
like that because she has a limp next we
see the father meet up with some
co-worker of his it seems like they work
with footage or news networks or
something like that I have no idea but
he wants to show off the footage of his
son being bullied but she leaves hearing
about it we then cut back to his wife
Kyoko working as a prostitute about to
do some real freaky [ __ ] with this
weirdo just know he gives her 30000 yen
to get whipped by ability after the job
she goes to the park to get another fix
of heroin after hitting that [ __ ] back
home she discovers her jigsaw puzzles
all over the floor she follows the crew
trail into a room and the trail stops
that a picture of her daughter in the
room visitor queue sits in there reading
books and [ __ ] he adds her awkward ask
to sit down if it wasn't obvious cute
wants a piece of that ass and she wanted
her ass to be took because she just
eases back so it turns very explicit but
he milks her like a damn gold dedicated
as actress got real milk just shooting
out her titties it's basically a porn
scene from the weird music and all the
morning from a very horny and excited
Kyoko but unknown to her
Takuya is watching from the other room
sing milk fly everywhere anyway later a
dinner cue is always going ham like a
Saiga Jian or something but we see also
- cool you mean mugging cube turns out
this big feast they eaten it's like a
thank-you for pleasuring me fees but
takuya's jealous ass throws a hot bowl
at his mom unnaturally though Kyoko
comes back and throws his damn knife at
her son this like visitor cube gave her
some confidence or something meanwhile
those bullies light up the house again
but everybody ignores it
- Kuya system fear and Q and Kyoko
normally while Kyosho record saying [ __ ]
like this is my house
Wow this is my wife this is some random
ass [ __ ] what do you think of such
wonderful bullying damn that hurt my
head a little bit anyway the next day
the Sun really got tied up with it the
bullies are forcing him the [ __ ] and
they even piss all over low dude but
turns out he is being watched by kiyoshi
his coworker and visitor cute kill she
wants this footage to be put on air but
she just calls him pathetic and slap
some when he gets grabby in response he
runs up behind her calling her the B
word specifically he's like you're such
a B word and it's because I come early
isn't it just so you know he plans to
rape her q arre courts but y'all know I
can't show too much turns out though he
accidentally kills the woman by choking
her too hard so he and Q dragged her
body back home and put it into a
greenhouse out back the plan is to cut
her up into tiny pieces so Q goes into
the house to ask for a trashcan but
instead finds Kyoko dressed in a trash
bag she's horny again but basically cuts
holes into the bags and Milt's herself
okay enough of that meanwhile Kyoshi is
getting ready to cut up the body but
it's getting hard in the progress he
gets so horny that he is about to get on
some necrophiliac [ __ ] with the body
it's pretty gross and would promptly
have you to strike me but let's just say
that Kyoshi thought she was getting wet
down there even though she is a corpse
he reaches down it but it's actually
[ __ ] yeah corpses void their bowels
don't they you know where those corpses
dude they stiffened due to rigor mortis
her area down there gets stiff trapping
his penis inside now yeah that is a
nightmare but it's not like he don't
deserve it to help him out
Kyoko puts him in a bathtub and pours
vinegar all in it to get these loops
since the vinegar won't work
she injects him with heroin not only is
he crazy happy now but his penis
literally plops right out if you haven't
noticed Kyoshi is happy Kyoko is happy a
change from the gloomy versions of
themselves from the beginning this is
all thanks to visitor cute while we get
ready to cut up that body Takuya is
outside getting bullied again finally
wanting to do something without any
worry Kyoshi grab some tools and flying
melee kicks one bully and slicing into
another one slicing up and down his head
the third bully starts to run away but
momma right behind like I'm catching me
a body today too and yeah there goes the
bullies and the couple smile at each
other probably for the first time in
their marriage later Hugh sees the son
laying face down in an entire floor of
titty milk Takuya is basically saying
that he is gonna start studying now all
thanks to you wait where'd you go
meanwhile the parents happily clean up
the woman's body visitor queue has
surely affected everybody huh well not
everybody
we then see the daughter nici basically
looking for some horny men willing to
pay she randomly bumps into visitor cute
who left the house asking if he won 6
she tells him the prices and he smiles
like hell yeah
but hanging up his shoelace it's a rock
y'all know what Q likes to do it rise
even if she don't later me he comes back
home all because of that head hit she
looks pretty bruised but goes in her
room gets on the bed to look out the
window only to see her mom under a damn
tarp turns out she is nursing Kyoshi
this is just an invitation to come join
in but you know you can't see no nipple
and that's enough well it was pretty
interesting to finally see this movie
cuz it was always on her to-do list
weirdly though not a lot of people
requested this movie probably because
they too busy requesting a Serbian film
when ain't even old enough to watch the
damn video
well we got another important and famous
Takashi Miike a movie we got to do
called audition but we still got to talk
more about this movie so let's talk
about the mostest third moment and most
enjoy a moment and that spooky stuff so
let's get right into it the mostest
third moment is probably realistically
the rape I mean it's a pretty weird film
at all but you can't just get away with
sexual assault and not emotionally
affect your viewers the most enjoyment
is probably when the parents killed the
bullies specifically when the mom killed
her bullying the film was pretty goofy
at this point so all of you guys enjoyed
this video I've been real busy with
school and this channel so y'all gotta
understand if I don't upload it's not
because I'm not trying to I don't take
breaks here are the two other cool
Takashi Miike films I also did which are
the famous Yakuza bloodbath Ichi the
Killer in the eraser head se got clues a
horror story
gozu thanks for watching spooky out